OK, got it.
What happened to my son?
The maid at home called
Said Xia Meng was on his way
What? He's coming to this party, too?
You are the one who took the tens of billions of orders from Pangu Group.
He came here to take credit
But he came just in time
I have a surprise for him
Yang Chen's surprise is ready
Then watch the show
Fengcheng Xia's family, Miss Xia is here
Who did this?
I asked someone to do it
The purpose is to punish
Punish you unscrupulous bitch
I'm not a woman
Liang Chen, why am I not abiding by women's ethics?
You're still pretending to be innocent here
You take advantage of my busy business outside
Have sex with the servants at home
You've lost all my face
I don't have Jia Meng's mother.
You are here too
Mom
Mom, I'm not cheating.
Are you going to testify for me?
My son was a weird kid when he was a kid
Can he lie?